all right this is pretty again trying to
take out the center I'm not gonna lie
it's taking me longer than I thought
probably because it's my first time you
know and I'm not really a car type of
guy but I just love my avenger and I
love doing little little little tweaks
at a time it makes makes it grow little
by little so far I got the center
console already I took off the bottom
piece - this comes completely out but
I'm only taking the top part because
that's the only thing I'm painting as
you see we got all the connections you
need in here I was wondering I had an
idea I don't know if anyone wants to do
it in another thread but I was thinking
is you can see this light right here for
the bottom which only turns on when you
turn the handle over here as you can see
I was thinking instead of adding another
fuse compartment if actually wiring it
through here to put LEDs underneath my
seats in the front and in the back just
drain it that way they would only turn
on when my headlights are on which is
most of the time at night I don't know
if anybody wants to do another thread on
that or Spanx if you're watching this
you know by all means get to it if you
want but here pretty much you got all
the connections in the back piece just
got to take them apart and then
obviously cover up whatever you're going
to paint and get to it
you've got screws back here in case you
want to completely completely take it
off I personally I think I am that way I
can get a much much more safer coat on
it without worrying about the handles
getting dirty but I'll give you guys
another video as soon as I get all the
four of them out and I'll let you know
alright this is pretty again I know it's
late as you can see I do live in the
house so it's much easier my garage as
you can see is brick
stacked if not I would have my car
inside and I'm probably I'm going to end
up emptying out over the winter just to
make it easier to work on my car was you
can see look how dirty it is look look
at look look at the edges I took
everything apart already all the sockets
the back the front the gauges
pretty basic once you get the first one
out of the way and you get the hang of
it it's pretty much easy after that
everything else is pretty much set
yes see this is packed that I'd have my
car in here but this is the basics
pretty much I got everything right here
I got the little stubs that go where the
screws go and center console the control
center right there - I got everything
I'm going to be using DubLi color paint
just because I use this when I did my
rims and it's pretty good
what would swing say was to do more than
one coat I'm gonna do around five six
coats because honestly the more coats
the better and I'm gonna take my time on
the inside parts I don't want it to flap
up I'm going to sand them for this
though the center console what I'm going
to do is I'm going to end up unscrewing
with the four corners right here on
everything just to take it out that way
when I sand it and when I paint it it'll
give it a much more natural look and I
don't have to worry about taping or
anything like that this one though I'm
probably end up taping not sure how I'm
gonna do this but whatever the case may
be I'm sure it'll come up then alright
so there's my sandpaper this is a - I
got two cans of dupli-color it comes
with the gloss automatically so I don't
have to worry about adding a top coat of
gloss and all that you guys know what's
fun is like I know something alright I'm
probably gonna you know take my time
spend the whole night doing this but
this one as I get vids I will post them
up alright pretty right here Dodge
Avenger forms
one